I'm no match for him.
How could this rubbish win?
Just by looking at him, he will be pretending on stage
In fact, my heart has long been broken
He was the one who broke my mood just now
Otherwise, I must not lose
Sorry this time
All the responsibility must be borne by him alone
Mr. Li
I advise you to start before you start
Hurry up and stop this trash
Save a while and surrender directly
Or be beaten to death on stage
It's not just your face that will be lost
And the middle and lower face
Even full underground control of the middle and lower
You have to hand it over to the sunset devil
Still fight or not
What are you waiting for?
Okay, this is you actively seeking death
Then I satisfy you
No matter what you see
It's still trash in front of me
I will trample you into a ball of meat in minutes
Ah!
This monster is really courting death
How dare you provoke Luo Mansion?
Let the other party use their power, you will only die faster
What a nerd
It also caused the middle and lower levels to lose face
People like you don't deserve to live in the middle
Die